[ $Id$ ]
The following macros are included in "ircd.m4" for use with the m4 text
preprocessor.  "ircd.m4" is parsed before the IRC server conf file so they
are all available for use with that.

NOTE:  The "ircd.m4" file is *ONLY* created by a "make install".

VERSION - current version string as in patchlevel.h
DEBUGMODE - if DEBUGMODE is define in config.h, is also defined for m4.
HOSTNAME - taken from hostname(1)
USER - username of person doing the "make install"
PORT - default port number as in config.h
PFREQ - default ping frequency as in config.h
CFREQ - default connect frequency as in config.h
MAXSENDQ - default max sendq as in config.h
CL - use this to wrap a class number
HOST - use this to wrap a hostname
HOSTM - use this to wrap the hostmask number in N-lines
ID - when wrapping the host field in an I-line, causes ident string return
     to be used instead of user supplised username.
PASS - use this to wrap passwords in C/N/I/O lines
PING - use this to wrap the ping value in Y-lines
APORT - use this to wrap the port number in I-lines
CPORT - use this to wrap the port number in C-lines
SERV - use this to wrap server names

You might use some of these as
C:foo.bar.edu:PASS(boo):foo.bar.edu:APORT(6667)
I:ID(128.250.*)::ID(*.mu.oz.au):CPORT(6667)

In addition to these (rather weak macros), some more complete ones are
defined which already perform the above.

ADMIN - provide fields to it as you would an A-line
ALLOW - provide fields to it as you would an N-line
BAN - provide fields to it as you would an K-line
CLASS - provide fields to it as you would an Y-line
CLIENT - provide fields to it as you would an I-line
CONNECT - provide fields to it as you would an C-line
ME - provide fields to it as you would an M-line
HUB - first parameter is server you want to hub, second is optional and is
      a mask against which other servers introduced must match against.
LEAF - works like HUB, except that the mask is matched against server names
       to check if the link should be dropped.
SERVER - uses 6 fields, the first 4 as are found in an N-line, the last two
         should be as you would use in a C-line.  It expands out to provide
         both a C and N line.
